Great! Looking at the request/response cycle, we need four parts to build the travel app: models, controllers, routes, and views.

Let's begin by creating the models.

1.
Generate a model named Tag.
2.
Generate another model named Destination.
3.
class Tag < ActiveRecord::Base
   has_many :destinations 
end

4.
In app/models/destination.rb, add a belongs_to method:

belongs_to :tag

class Destination < ActiveRecord::Base
  belongs_to :tag
end



What did we just do?

We created two models named Tag and Destinations.
In the model files, we used the methods has_many and belongs_to define an association between Tag and Destination:

has_many :destinations denotes that a single Tag can have multiple Destinations.
belongs_to :tag denotes that each Destination belongs to a single Tag.
The has_many / belongs_to pair is frequently used to define one-to-many relationships. A few examples are:

a Library has many Books; a Book belongs to a Library
an Album has many Photos; a Photo belongs to an Album
a Store has many Products; a Product belongs to a Store


1.
Now that there's an association between Tag and Destination, let's continue and add columns to the migration files.

Open the migration file in db/migrate/ for the tags table, and add the following columns:

a string column called title
a string column called image

class CreateTags < ActiveRecord::Migration
  def change
    create_table :tags do |t|
      t.string :title
      t.string :image
      t.timestamps
    end
  end
end

2.
Next in the migration file for the destinations table, add the following columns:

a string column called name
a string column called image
a string column called description
the line t.references :tag

class CreateDestinations < ActiveRecord::Migration
  def change
    create_table :destinations do |t|
      t.string :name
      t.string :image
      t.string :description
      t.references :tag
      t.timestamps
    end
  end
end



Run the migration to update the database with Tag and Destination.